---
layout: post
title: Building CouchApps:CouchDB, JavaScript, and HTML5 on July 20th, 2011
byline: written by Adam Bouchard
tags: [discussion]
category: posts
---

Please join us on July 20th, 2011 from 6:30 - 8:30 pm at
[Three West Collective](http://www.threewestcollective.com/#about) for a presentation and discussion on building CouchApps. 

CouchApps are web applications built using CouchDB, JavaScript, and HTML5. CouchDB is a document-oriented database that stores JSON documents, has a RESTful HTTP API, and is queried using map/reduce views. This talk will answer your basic questions about CouchDB, but will focus on building CouchApps and related tools such as: couchapp, a command line tool used to generate code templates and push CouchApps to CouchDB instances; Evently, a jQuery library used for writing JavaScript applications; CouchDB API, a jQuery library that abstracts access to CouchDB’s core API; CouchApp Loader, used to load design document classes into JavaScript applications; Pathbinder, a JavaScript framework that triggers events based on URL hashes; and Mustache, a JavaScript templating framework.

Bradley Holt is a web developer, entrepreneur, community facilitator, and an author. He is the co-founder of Found Line, a Vermont-based creative studio with capabilities in web development, graphic design, and marketing strategy. He is a Board Member at Vermont Community Access Media, a non-profit community media and technology center. He is a minor contributor of source code and bug reports to Zend Framework and an active member of the PHP community. He organizes the Burlington, Vermont PHP Users Group where he is a regular speaker and is involved with helping to organize other technology community events such as Vermont Code Camp. He is the author of Writing and Querying MapReduce Views in CouchDB and Scaling CouchDB.

He blogs at bradley-holt.com and can be found on Twitter as @BradleyHolt.

Pizza will be provided. ($5 suggested donation) Feel free to __BYOB__.

If you have any questions, please contact Adam ( adam at agilionapps.com ).
Hope to see you there.
