---
layout: post
title: Getting Started with CouchDB on Jan 19th, 2011
byline: written by Adam Bouchard
tags: [git, github]
---

The upcoming January meeting has been re-scheduled for Jan 19th, 2011 from 6 - 8 pm at [Office Squared](http://www.officesquaredvt.com/) (to be confirmed).  If your bummed about not meeting on Jan 4th, then you are in luck!  Office Squared is hosting a free "Designing your Business Model" event from 5:30 - 7pm on Jan. 4th which may be of interest to many of you.

Many thanks to Bradley for preparing the next meeting.  Here is a description of the topic:

Getting Started with CouchDB.

CouchDB is a document-oriented database that stores JSON documents, has a RESTful HTTP API, and is queried using MapReduce views. Each of these properties alone, especially MapReduce views, may seem foreign to developers more familiar with relational databases. This presentation will demystify the basic concepts behind CouchDB and give web developers a practical guide to getting started with CouchDB.

Bradley Holt is a web developer and entrepreneur. He has ten years of experience with PHP and MySQL and started using CouchDB soon before version 1.0 was released. He is the co-founder of Found Line, a creative services firm located in Burlington, Vermont. He organizes the Burlington, Vermont PHP Users Group. He is a Board Member at Vermont Community Access Media (VCAM), a non-profit community media and technology center. He blogs at http://bradley-holt.com/ and can be found on Twitter as @BradleyHolt.

Pizza will be provided. ($5 suggested donation)  Feel free to BYOB.

If you have any questions, please contact Adam ( adam [at] agilionapps.com ). Hope to see you there.

