---
company: VSAC - Help Vermonters pursue their education goals!
title: Programmer (Web-based applications)
link: http://www.vsac.org
category: jobs
---


Job Code: BTVWAG313

Vermont Student Assistance Corporation (VSAC) is looking for a programmer to work with web-based software and to develop web-based applications, using Java/Apache/DB2, with a proven track record of learning and applying new technology. Candidates should have experience creating/consuming Web Services (RESTful and/or WS.*). Experience working with business users to create and analyze requirements and troubleshoot issues is required as well as the ability to support and enhance existing systems. Websphere and IBM Portal experience is a plus.

A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field of study or equivalent experience is required (3 years of web programming experience is desired). This position may be filled at an intermediate or senior level based on skills and experience. Candidates must also have the ability to work nights and weekends as needed to meet project deadlines, support installations, and resolve high priority system issues.  Candidates must also successfully complete a federal background investigation.

VSAC is a non-profit in Winooski, VT whose mission is to help Vermonters achieve their post-secondary education goals. We seek candidates with creative ideas, excellent communication skills, the ability to work independently and with large projects teams, and the proven ability to design, develop, and maintain software.
 
VSAC offers a dynamic work environment and a competitive compensation.  To learn more about these and other opportunities, visit our website at www.vsac.org. To be considered for any of our positions, please submit a resume & cover letter with Job Code BTVWAG313 by April 27, 2012, to Director of Human Resources via e-mail jobs@vsac.org, fax 654-3765 or mail. EOE